[world-vercel] Raise H2 receive windows on the events agent (#3212)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/h2-receive-windows.md

---
'@workflow/world-vercel': patch
---

> Raise HTTP/2 receive windows on the events client, cutting event-log read latency by ~80%

Author: ```suggestion
Raise HTTP/2 receive windows on the events client, slightly decreasing read latency
```
